# PG2Net-Personalized-and-Group-PreferenceGuided-Network-for-Next-Place-Prediction
PG2Net: Personalized and Group PreferenceGuided Network for Next Place Prediction
Abstract—Predicting the next place to visit is a key in human mobility behavior modeling, which plays a significant role in various fields,such as controlling the spreading of epidemics, urban planning, traffic management, and travel recommendation. To achieve this, onetypical solution is to split each user’s trajectory data into historical and recent trajectories, and use modules based on recurrent neuralnetworks (RNN) to capture their long-term and short-term preferences, respectively. Although these RNN-based methods can effectivelylearn individual’s hidden personalized preferences to her visited places, the interactions among users can only be weakly learned throughthe representations of locations and training a universal model with the data generated by all users. Targeting this limitation, we proposean end-to-end framework named personalized and group preference guided network (PG2Net), considering the users’ preferences tovarious places at both individual and collective levels. Specifically, PG2Net concatenates the bidirectional LSTM networks (Bi-LSTM) andattention mechanism to learn each user’s personalized long-term mobility tendency and utilizes location distance and time correlationinformation to construct a spatio-temporal dependency module to learn users’ long-term and short-term group preferences. We adopta graph embedding method to map users’ trajectory into a hidden space, capturing the sequential relation. In addition, we propose anauxiliary loss function to learn the vectorial representation of her next location. We evaluate our model on two Foursquare check-indatastes and one mobile phone dataset. Experiment results indicate the advantages of out model compared to the state-of-the-art baselin
